[Music]
Yes
hello hearts how are you well
last definitive information on the trial
that was pending for Vida and
Mediaset and I say had because it has been
settled with an agreement that half would have been
offered to the comedian we
were already talking about this days
before the exclusive was given by Jesús
Manuel Ruiz who you know that when he
handles information he handles it very
well and is always truthful it turns out that the
Fuencarral network would have been
behind Paz Padilla offering her an
agreement to not go to trial and the thing is that
they knew that they had all the
tickets and that what they did
was not right and that they were going to be
convicted in principle the money you
know is not a problem for
this type of companies and they don't care what they
wanted to stop was appearing again
soon in the next few weeks again
everywhere some more headlines with
Telecinco convicted half to be
convicted well they have that at every
moment with the television factory
convicted convicted convicted
so how are they going to be convicted
because what they did was wrong
they have admitted their
unfair dismissal and they have  proceeded to pay the
amount that Paz Padilla asked them for
apparently Paz Padilla asked them for a
little less but a little less than what
she should have been paid since it was an
unfair dismissal we are talking
that according to the words of the journalist
this would exceed one million
euros okay so surely the figure
that has been agreed with them could be around
one million euros okay they would have paid
one million euros to avoid appearing in
all the newspapers as convicted convicted
convicted two convicted and
that once again we could throw
a guilty verdict in her face for having
done things wrong for having
pointed out people and for having made
a scribe of people okay who did not
agree with Rocío Carrasco
who criticized her in the documentary on this
occasion Paz Padilla has preferred to
accept the agreement and not wait for them to
extend it suspend it as they
usually do to us and for them to go around appealing at the
last minute to prolong the agony the
trial should have been about
two weeks ago it was suspended because
apparently according to what they alleged the lawyer had
another trial that day and well in the end they
extended it  agony to offer you this
agreement that would have occurred to them in
the last few days today we are going to pay the
money because we are surely going to be
convicted but at least we avoid
all the people from attacking us with
the headlines that are going to come out of conviction
conviction conviction conviction another conviction not
because when you make a mistake
once well well people make mistakes in the
end we are all human and it may be
that the way of acting has failed not
that you have made a mistake but of course we
are talking about that they made Paz
Padilla abandon the plate based on
pressure they had been persecuting
her professionally for some time until they made her
explode with this that well that of
putting her as anti-vaccines the move is that she
is not the first one to abandon the
plate many many have already done that not
only collaborators but the
presenter has also done many and
absolutely nothing has happened there is no
excuse to fire someone it is
part of the show that is how Telecinco works what
happens is that they wanted an excuse
to fire her because she was the
presenter good what she was
doing
because she was being skeptical with
Rocío Carrasco's testimony as you have to
be more than anything
literally what is real is worth  what the
people on the street think
paz padilla is a person who also
defended rocio flores because she says that
love can conquer everything and that it is not normal
for a mother to crush her daughter in that way
and expose her in that way and never ever
forgive her this is what
surely caused based on my opinion the
dismissal of the presenter who has the most artistry
or from telecinco the one who has had the most fun
look at you put carlota
corredera for example next to paz
padilla come on I think the choice is
simple I tell you the agreement well it is
surely very fair to close
this cycle of her life on the part of paz
padilla we are talking about an amount
that will surely be exorbitantly
much higher than that of anthony davis and the
fact is that it is not the same type of
process although it is for the social it is
for the labor it is an equally
protein dismissal or null but as for antonio
avilés sum let's go to the cause the issue of
the violation of honor for having
fired him under the premise that he was an
abuser
I don't know if Paz Padilla could have
added any amount to her cause with this
thing that they wanted to point her out as anti-
vaccine. I don't know after that unfortunate live that she
did for Padilla, well,
the truth is that maybe she
couldn't have held on to that either, but it
is true that the dismissal recognized by
the company has been absolutely
unfair, they give her her internal compensation, they give her
her compensation because notice that this
is what we have talked about on many
occasions, that money doesn't matter, that
if they had to give her 23 million, that it does
n't matter, money is worth what
matters here in the image of the network
that is sinking and one more sentence
would lead to many more headlines,
Telecinco convicted, convicted, in other words, one
more sentence would have led to what is what it is
all good, what is the
truth, the reason is not that Telecinco would be
beginning to receive the consequences
of how they have made mistakes this year,
how they have behaved against the
law, okay, this would affect the
advertisers, of which there are already many,
apparently they are jumping ship and it would be
catastrophic,
they have dealt the amount that has been asked for
for Padilla in one fell swoop and well for
Padilla this cycle of his life has closed
without any more headaches and
goodbye families who think that you
like that Paz Padilla has emerged
victorious in this judicial process
because in the end this is a victory
okay this is as if she had won for the
same reason but we have shortened the time and
maybe they have even saved
money on the part of Mediaset because
maybe it would have cost them even more
than you think family I will be reading you or I
send you a huge hug and I will see you in the
next video
[Music]